So the Arby from drama is heating up again.
If you are not aware, the situation is that a North Korea hacked RSEs and Arby ended up with a bad death because of the whole leg of DFI.
During this process, North Korea actually had about 70 million, I believe, a city in Arby tromb,
and the Arby tromb security council decided to actually use a trick that wasn't aware as by as many people as possible,
like a usual people known to actually freeze this money.
So basically they injected a fake transaction and transfer this money out from the attacker.
And now it sits on Arby tromb on a dress that nobody owns and then it's up to the Arby tromb council.
Arby tromb doubted decided what to do.
So there's a lot of things unfolding in this whole situation, but I don't want to go into too much detail about the process.
I just wanted to share something that I haven't seen a lot of people talking about.
In the crypto space, it's the how this process of Arby tromb freeze free this and effects and why from a philosophical sort of view.
This is not a good sort of move and also, and like a full on bigger picture of why crypto shouldn't be rely on heroes in my opinion.
So first of all, when you think about a law of sort of rules, like you know for blockchain and then the default setting of rules,
Alice that will occur in a green arm roughly is that it's you know it's immutable and then you know it's nobody can actually touch it's my transaction, nobody have the rights to do so.
So this is like almost like a set of laws in human society like today, it's very similar situation.
Like when make a set of laws and then everybody sort of you know go by the laws.
We need to understand one of the most important thing of laws and rules like this is predict the predict the predictability.
So those laws need to be easily predictable. This is arguably the most important attribute for laws and rules.
Because when we have a set of laws for a society, a member in the society needs to be able to predict those laws and use that to God its own action because if I'm going to do something, I need to know if this is going to be legal or not.
If those laws are arbitrary or not predictable, that actually make it completely useless.
That's why it's not a good idea to ban the laws for a specific situation like in a particular case.
Even though sometimes the law might be a bit harsh, quite harsh on the victims or everybody would wish you know the outcome would be different, but the law is law as what we usually sort of say at the Alice Expected.
This is the foundation of a functional society, the foundation of how law and rules works.
If you change this basically the whole thing built on top, collapse from a philosophical point of view, it just does not make any sense anymore.
I'm a big fan of Abitron's phrase, like I'm not a big fan, but I supported it more like from my step on view.
Because I honestly have a bit of fun stuck in with the effect of the hacks, it actually benefits me financially in general, but this is not the point.
I want to get the idea out about why this should not be happening or better what we need to do to prevent things that this needs to happen.
I want to share two quotes with you that from some legendary philosophers.
First quote, Abitron's quote is from Hayek.
It says a phrase society can only exist under rules.
The moment authority shifts from issuing rules to issuing commands, even good commands, even commands aimed at obviously bad actors.
You have transitioned from rule of law to rule of men.
The badness of the recipient does not redeem the form.
And another quote from Hayek's total,
a polity is better governed by law than by the best of men, because law is reason without passion.
The man at judge, even the wise, ethical, well-intentioned man, brings appetite, fear and partiality.
Law, being general and pre-committed does not.
This is a fundamental concept in the idea of the foundation of law-based economy, society, in general.
We need to consider this, even though it's Hayek's role, it's moved.
It should not go beyond the need, like override the law and what we owe a green arm as a community, as a society, and on-chance society.
And the problem in that, at the moment, is that we don't have a enforcement mechanism with the on-chance world.
To be fair, even if we do try to get hold onto North Square, it's pretty much not possible.
But the thing is that, what you need to build this on-chance economy on-chance society in a proper way,
so in the future we don't rely on heroes, in case in one sense, go wrong.
At the moment, if anything bad happened, we rely on individual heroes, like a Y-hat hacker groups, and, like this case, arbitrom, you know, standing up, and with the very hero we can move,
and also, like, even the others, defy United donation.
I personally, I am Big fan, and they have absolutely 120% good intention to help the industry.
Personally, thank them for doing this.
However, this is just not okay for an industry to rely on, because those individual heroes, they are not a proper design component.
They are not a reliable factor.
We don't know, to more or something happen to them, the whole industry doesn't work anymore.
Or if the one day they decide they're not going to do this anymore, or if it works, they decide they're going to turn their back on the community, who knows,
we don't, although I don't believe this is going to happen, but this is arguing from a foundation point of view.
For a system to rely on individuals like this, it's a way to mature risky.
Even though, the outcome is great.
This is a very similar argument of talking about, you know, like a democratic sort of market, a free market system versus like a, you know, a state lead sort of authoritarian sort of system, which one is better.
Even though usually the authoritarian system are way more efficient, and we know that because they don't have to respect it.
You know, people's private rights and they can just do whatever they want.
Yeah, they can get very efficient.
But the risk comes with that is way more beyond that efficiency as well.
They rely on a good leader, if tomorrow, the authority turns bad, and then the whole system is going down the drain really quickly, because there's no way you can actually easily shift that.
And that is a risk that we will interpay in a sense with efficiency, but that's what's all on other topic.
Yeah, so this is my thought, I haven't seen a lot of discussion on this, and I think we, at the industry, we need to think about how we built the enforcement layers, and that crypto need.
In my opinion, the whole, the whole edifying industry, rely on this from this very moment onwards, if we don't have enforcement layer, I don't think the confident is picking up anymore.
And this is what we do.
At USD8.5, I don't want to sort of plug myself too much here, but if you are interested in it, you can go and check our website.
So if we don't build this, the whole industry is going to go into a dystopia.
I'm not here to, I'm like, I'm a diahart core fan of the industry. I'm not here to scare you or try to just do the whole thing.
And this is validated, like again and again over the history, with all kinds of like, miss, design, the system from community sort of organizations to country, experimenting with extreme ideology that's better.
Battery, designed to company that's, you know, formed in complete structures. This stuff is again and again, and again, validated, crypto will go into a dystopia.
Anyone try to deny this is, in my opinion, is an naive or well-foli blind.
We need to change this ASAP. We need to build this space properly.
